
## JQUERY CAROUSEL SIMPLE PLUGIN

Light jQuery plugin to build «smart» non-cyclic carousel which hides inactive inputs.  

## Quick review

Display optional number of slides at once. Add pagination on demand, with numbers or without. Choose between cyclic and non-cyclic modes. By default, the carousel is non-cyclic and left/right controls are dynamically hidden on breakpoints. With `cyclic` mode set to `true`, carousel changes direction to reach the first or the last slide depending on where we currently are. Both options are present in demo, with two variants of carousel.

## How to use

Initialize `.jqcarousel()` method on the container of your carousel. Inside the container, put `.jqcarousel-frame` and `.jqcarousel-controls`. They should be siblings.

Style `.jqcarousel-frame` as you like and set its width, that's how wide you carousel will be. It is a custom value but is used inside script to identify shift.

Make sure `.jqcarousel-frame` has `overflow` property set to `hidden`.

Carousel items, or slides, go inside `.jqcarousel-frame` and should be wrapped with `.jqcarousel-content` container. Items inside `.jqcarousel-content` (figures, list items, images etc.) should have `display: inline-block` property. If they have uncontrolled margins, set their `float` to `left`, otherwise px per step would be miscalculated (e.g., figure with `display: inline-block` property get whitespace around even if margins are set to 0).

Width of `.jqcarousel-content` should be really great so that all slides would fit in it (use something like 10000 px).

Controls go inside `.jqcarousel-controls` container; left control should be the `:first-child` and right control should be the `:last-child` of the container.

If you want pagination, put `.jqcarousel-pagination` element next to controls container. It should be initially empty as it's inner HTML is generated by script. These are a set of links (`<a>`s) of class `.jqcarousel-pgitem`. Use this class name to style pagination items together with additional `.active` class being added to indicate carousel's position. (Selectors like `.jqcarousel-pagination a.active` or `.jqcarousel-pgitem.active` will do).

## Customize with options

- `speed` : number; speed of animation in miliseconds (`500` by default)

- `easing` : animation flow, string (`"linear"` by default)

- `cyclic` : should carousel go all the way round or stop after last/first slide (boolean, `false` by default)

- `num` : a number of slides to be shown in the carousel at once (`3` by default)

- `pagination` mode : by default is `"plain"` (pagination items are generated and ready to get `.active` class, but without digits); can also be set to `"digits"` or `false`

## Technologies used:

HTML5, CSS3, JS & jQuery and two templating techniques, one per each carousel example:
- [John Resig's micro-templating](http://ejohn.org/blog/javascript-micro-templating/) 
- [LoDash _.template()](https://lodash.com/docs/4.17.4#template) function.

[Open on .github.io](https://nata25.github.io/JS_11-12_carousel/).
